Clarify trust anchor wording (#345)
ietf-wg-scitt/draft-ietf-scitt-architecture: draft-ietf-scitt-architecture.md

Registration Policies refer to additional checks over and above the Mandatory Registration Checks that are performed before a Signed Statement is accepted to be registered to the Append-only Log.

Transparency Services MUST maintain Registration Policies.

> Transparency Services MUST maintain a list of trust anchors (see definition of trust anchor in {{-Glossary}}) to verify Issuers of Signed Statements, either separately, or inside Registration Policies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Transparency Services MUST maintain a list of trust anchors (see definition of trust anchor in {{-Glossary}}) in order to check the signatures of Signed Statements, either separately, or inside Registration Policies.
```

Author: The purpose of this change is to clarify that maintaining a standalone list of keys is not necessary, because a policy can fulfill the same role, with more nuance.

Reviewer: The purpose of my proposed change is to eliminate confusion regarding interpretation of what 'verify Issuers' might mean.
